Update downloads-manager extension (#19407)
raycast/extensions: extensions/downloads-manager/CHANGELOG.md

# Downloads Manager Changelog

> ## [Add delete last downloaded item command] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}
> 
> ## Add delete last downloaded item command - 2025-05-26
> 
> - Added the command `Delete Latest Download`, which deletes the latest download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Add delete last downloaded item command] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

- Added the command `Delete Latest Download`, which deletes the latest download.

## [Add new commands] - 2025-05-22

- Added the command `Paste Latest Download`, which pastes the latest download to the foremost active app.
```

Author: Hopefully, I didn't screw up this time around. 🤞

# Downloads Manager Changelog

## [Add delete last downloaded item command] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

> - Added the command `Delete Latest Download`, which permanently deletes the latest download.

Author: Sorry.. I got confused by the formatting in the email. It is clearer on GitHub.
